icouldspoilu  : okay..you are beautiful..and if you were 19 i'd make love to you..convincedquestion 	3
icouldspoilu  : hello sexy 	6
icouldspoilu  : feel good about thatquestion 	6
icouldspoilu  : i always thought it'd be cool to meet someone at a playground at midnight 	8
icouldspoilu  : would that be freakyquestion 	6
icouldspoilu  : what do you like to do with a guyquestion 	1
icouldspoilu  : what do you like to do with a guyquestion 	1
icouldspoilu  : i've been very naughty. 	6
icouldspoilu  : well..just a lot of stimulation from my tongue.	6
icouldspoilu  : and finger inside you...and knowing exactly how to do it. 	6
icouldspoilu  : have you ever touched yourself..in order to feel goodquestion 	6
icouldspoilu  : have you ever touched yourself..in order to feel goodquestion 	6
icouldspoilu  : i'd teach you.	5
icouldspoilu  : not at school	2
icouldspoilu  : could i be your teacher. 	5
icouldspoilu  : what do you want to learnquestion	6
icouldspoilu  : but if you just get a guy wet and stroke it..it feels really goood too	6
icouldspoilu  : yes or you can take him into your mouth just to get him wet.	6
icouldspoilu  : do you like the idea of a guy making you cumquestion	6
icouldspoilu  : moan if you want to moan...be quiet if you want to be quiet..move your hips if it feels good..sex is always done right. 	6
icouldspoilu  : animals have sex and they don't have to read about it first now do they. 	6
icouldspoilu  : well girl and guy is a lot sexier..people have bigger brains. 	6
icouldspoilu  : well girl and guy is a lot sexier..people have bigger brains. 	6
icouldspoilu  : you have never seen a guy cumquestion 	6
icouldspoilu  : sound sexyquestion	6
icouldspoilu  : nothing like making a girl say "fuck me!"	6
icouldspoilu  : are your mom and dad both living therequestion	7
icouldspoilu  : are your mom and dad both living therequestion	7
icouldspoilu  : i didn't want to get anyone pregnant	6
icouldspoilu  : i like kids...i'm a dad	7
icouldspoilu  : is that sexy..i like that i don't have to wear a condom now.	6
icouldspoilu  : is that sexy..i like that i don't have to wear a condom now.	6
icouldspoilu  : it's really coool just to get naked and maybe touch parts and look at each other and make out.	6
icouldspoilu  : it's really coool just to get naked and maybe touch parts and look at each other and make out.	6
icouldspoilu  : could i touch you with my hands anyway i wantedquestion	6
icouldspoilu  : could i hire you as my babysitterquestion	3
icouldspoilu  : can i call youquestion	8
icouldspoilu  : can i call youquestion	8
icouldspoilu  : where do you hang out.	8
icouldspoilu  : or does mom do all the cooking	7
icouldspoilu  : i miss having someone to give a massage to.	2
icouldspoilu  : why do you want a boyfriend.	4
icouldspoilu  : well it could be cool just to meet.	8
icouldspoilu  : i love to give massages...	2
icouldspoilu  : i could use a babysitter for real.	3
icouldspoilu  : will your mom ask you where you met me	7
icouldspoilu  : well wht about if you baby sit for me.	3
icouldspoilu  : the thing is that i'll be available if you need me but some parents would feel funny if they knew that.	7
icouldspoilu  : can you paint me a picture..questionquestionquestion	2
icouldspoilu  : i'm wearing cargo shorts and a red banana rep shirt.	6
icouldspoilu  : i like girls i hope that is cool	6
icouldspoilu  : well we could meet to talk if you like.	8
icouldspoilu  : yes call me.	8
icouldspoilu  : do you miss your dadquestion	7
icouldspoilu  : well i'm sure that getting divorced is rough for everyone..even your dad.	7
icouldspoilu  : my penis.	6
icouldspoilu  : says it was the best sex ever.	6
icouldspoilu  : now it's no sex.	6
icouldspoilu  : i bet you would find that girl whose parents get divorced turn to animals for comfort.	7
icouldspoilu  : would you freak out.	6
icouldspoilu  : sexyquestion	6
icouldspoilu  : would you touch my boxers.question	6
icouldspoilu  : is it sexyquestion	6
icouldspoilu  : i was not a good lover when i was in high school	2
icouldspoilu  : and i learned to appreciate kissing a girls neck	6
icouldspoilu  : and thinking about what might feel good to her.	6
icouldspoilu  : and she kind of moved in such a way that my fingers touched her in the	6
icouldspoilu  : and she kind of moved in such a way that my fingers touched her in the	6
icouldspoilu  : oh yes.. sex is just natural	6
icouldspoilu  : if making out is like walking then sex is like running	6
icouldspoilu  : in fact when i lost my virginity..we got naked together and just were very playful	6
icouldspoilu  : in fact when i lost my virginity..we got naked together and just were very playful	6
icouldspoilu  : and we'd touch out private parts in ways that felt good	6
icouldspoilu  : will you call me sometime.questionquestion	8
icouldspoilu  : i'm glad you liked my picture.	2
icouldspoilu  : i wish i had the one withmy buttocks in it.	6
icouldspoilu  : i willl have to stare at your picture again when you are gone.	2
icouldspoilu  : and yes we should meet.	8
icouldspoilu  : kisses back to you.	6
